[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Welcome to
House of Wellbeing.
You're listening to the
"Negative Thoughts Release Mind
Talk Audio."
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that aim to cause
a deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, and let go, and enjoy
all those peaceful feelings
and all the benefits
that come with it.
I'd like you to take
in a very deep breath,
slowly inhaling, filling
your lower and upper lungs
and exhaling again, allowing
your lungs to deflate naturally
and slowly.
And once you've done
that, I'd like you
once again to take in a deep
breath, filling your lungs.
And when you're ready, allow
that breath to slowly release,
as you exhale, gently
and powerfully.
And now you can
allow your breathing
to return to normal, your normal
breathing pace, gentle breaths
in and out, as you
normally would.
And as you relax, you're
aware of your eyes,
of how comfortable they
feel, closed and relaxed,
totally at ease.
And I'd like you now to
focus only on my words,
and nothing else bothers
or concerns you at all.
This is your time, and no
one needs or wants anything
from you.
Putting everything
else aside, I'm
going to draw your attention
to various parts of your body.
And as I draw your attention
to that part of your body,
you can allow each part
to relax and to release,
each muscle and nerve,
every part of it,
as I refer to it in turn.
So let's first focus
on your fingers
and your hands, your
wrists, your forearms,
and your upper arms.
And as you think about
this part of your body,
I'd like you to be aware of
any tension in those muscles
and concentrate on that tension.
And now, as you allow those
muscles to relax and release,
every nerve, every
fiber in your hands,
your wrists and fingers,
arms, allow that tension
to flow away now, to drain down,
allowing the muscles to rest
and release,
lengthen and loosen.
Feel your arms become heavier
as they release completely.
I'd like you now to
concentrate your attention
on your feet, your ankles,
your calves, your knees,
and the large muscles
of your thighs,
aware of any tension
in those muscles.
And as you concentrate
on them, you
can relax every muscle, every
fiber in your legs and feet,
allowing all of the
tension to fade away now,
as you drift deeper into
relaxation, muscles loosening
and lengthening as the
muscles relax and release now.
Legs feeling heavy as
you release completely.
Aware now of your chest,
your lower back muscles,
your stomach muscles, your
upper back and upper chest.
Notice how all the muscles
in this part of your body
are now becoming more
and more relaxed,
loosening and lengthening,
as each muscle releases
and tension drains away now.
Now allow your shoulders to
sink into the frame of your body
as you sink into relaxation.
All the little muscles
in your neck and scalp,
aware of the tension
here, and now
you can release that tension
as every muscle in this part
of your body becomes
more and more
relaxed so that you can
feel each and every muscle
in your body now loose and limp,
as that comfortable heaviness
continues now.
And whilst you're
relaxing in this way,
I'd like you now to
use your imagination
to think about a
beautiful summer's day.
I'd like you to
imagine that you're
floating on a cloud, so
peaceful and so quiet.
You feel safe and secure,
and you enjoy the serenity
and peace as you
float and drift,
feeling so comfortable and calm.
You're completely at ease,
and every muscle and nerve
in your entire
body is completely
relaxed as you go deeper and
deeper into relaxation now.
And I wonder if you can
allow yourself to sink deeper
into relaxation now as I
count from one down to three.
And as I reach the
number 3, you can
allow yourself to have
drifted much, much deeper
than you've ever been.
So 1, your entire
body completely
released now, every
muscle, every nerve,
and every fiber relaxed and
at ease, your entire body,
feeling completely relaxed
and comfortably heavy now.
And 2, your head
feeling so heavy now.
And it's a really
pleasant feeling,
and you feel safe and
secure, and you're
enjoying this state
of deep relaxation
as you fall further and
further into relaxation now.
And you are now deeper
than you've ever
been, so deeply relaxed that
every word I utter to you
will sink into your
subconscious mind
and create some powerful changes
as you sink deeper and deeper,
mind alert, but body
totally relaxed now.
Now that you're
deeply relaxed, you'll
notice that your
thoughts can slow down
and your mind can continue
to slow down, too.
Just let the relaxation
of mind and body
continue for a short
while in their own way,
just releasing and relaxing.
And as you do this,
the more familiar
the comfort in all parts of
mind and body will become,
your body and mind recognizing
that this calmness and comfort
has a positive effect not
only in your body and mind,
but on your emotions, too.
And the more you practice
listening to this audio,
the more you're learning
to release your mind
and body and also emotions.
You are in full control
of your emotions,
and we're now going to focus
on your negative thinking
patterns.
From now on, you no longer
allow negative emotions
to build or develop and
to restrict your ability
for positive thoughts, feelings,
and general well-being.
Just as your body relaxes, so
too can your negative feelings.
It doesn't have to be difficult
or made complicated in any way
at all.
One of the first steps towards
changing your negative thinking
patterns is
understanding exactly how
you think right now.
Maybe you tend to view
yourself as a complete success
or a complete failure
in every situation.
If so, are you were engaging
in black and white thinking.
Other negative thinking patterns
include jumping to conclusions,
catastrophizing, and
overgeneralization.
No matter what
category you fall into,
we're working today to change
those negative thinking
patterns once and for all.
You will now learn to
put things in perspective
and to help resolve and solve
issues worries, concerns,
life issues, and occasions.
So in this comfortable
and calm state,
be aware that a
thought, any thought,
is simply a tiny part of
what's going on in your mind.
Your thoughts have to
share mental time and space
with many other thoughts,
and these thoughts
are only as big as the energy
we put into developing them.
From now on, you
recognize that you
are in full control
of your thoughts,
and you decide how big
the thought becomes.
You decide how much
emotional energy
you put into that thought,
and you now control the energy
it consumes from you and if
it overpowers your thinking
and behavior.
Unhelpful thinking patterns
differ in subtle ways,
but they all involve distortions
of reality and irrational ways
of looking at
situations and people.
From now on in, you recognize
that your thinking has
been negative, and
you ready to become
much more rational, positive,
and calm in your thought
processes.
And as you're now in control
of those thought processes,
you're excited to change your
negative thinking patterns
into much more positive ones.
It can be easy to allow our
negative thoughts to almost run
away with us, to forecast
and catastrophize,
leading to more worries
and anxieties clouding
your rational thinking.
So from now on, you're going to
reduce those negative thoughts,
diffuse them, and
learn to manage them
as simply as the way you control
the tensions in your body.
And we're going to do this
by reprogramming your mind
to reduce those
negative thoughts
and focus on solving the
problem instead of dwelling
on the negativity around you.
From now on in, when you
feel yourself dwelling
on negative thoughts, you're
going to immediately place
more energy into replacing
them with a positive thought
or solving a problem.
For example, if
you think I'm not
going to be very good
at doing something,
you immediately replace
that thought with,
I'm going to try
my best, and I'm
confident I will do really well.
Alternatively, you
may choose to identify
your negative thoughts,
evaluate them for accuracy,
and then place all your
energy into solving the issue,
again replacing your
thoughts with positive ones.
Although it may seem difficult
to switch your thinking
at first, over time
and with practice,
positive and rational thoughts
will come much more naturally.
You now replace old negative
thoughts with positive ones,
as your self-esteem,
confidence, and optimism
grows, feeling in full control
of your thinking process.
I'd like you now to
think about a scenario
that you find yourself
thinking negatively about.
Now concentrate on what could
be done to solve the issue
or replacing your mind
instantly with positivity.
You constantly change
your negative thoughts
to positive ones
and teach your mind
to get out of the habit
of thinking so negatively.
Instead, remember,
you constantly allow
new positive thoughts
to fill your mind.
You redirect your negative
thoughts, and by doing this,
you're retraining your
thinking patterns.
And this process
feels more and more
natural to each and every day,
replacing old negative thoughts
for positive ones as your
self-esteem confidence
and optimism grows, feeling in
full control of your thinking
processes.
I'd like you now to take in
a long, slow deep breath,
inhaling calmness
and positivity.
And as you exhale,
you allow yourself
to breathe out and release any
of the issues you're carrying.
Feel the negative energy
seeping out of you now.
And you're excited to begin this
new positive way of thinking.
You feel calm and
at peace as you now
replace those old negative
thoughts for much more
positive ones, as your
self-esteem, confidence,
and optimism grows, feeling in
full control of your thinking
process.
And you're creating inner
calmness and comfort,
and return to a peaceful mind,
a feeling of being unburdened,
a welcome return to
positive thoughts,
feelings, and emotions.
And while this may take a little
while to feel familiar again,
it will bring with it positive
thoughts and feelings,
a growing realization
that you are
in control of your thoughts,
and the level of that control
determines how much
energy you allow
to be used in managing
issues in your life.
But from now on in,
you always remember
you have the control of your
mind, body, and emotion,
and you're determined
to fill your mind
and body with positivity.
And it feels right
and it feels good.
And each time you
listen to this audio,
you bring not only more calmness
and comfort to your mind, body,
and emotions, but also more
control, a greater familiarity
of the new positive
thought patterns,
and a sense of being unburdened,
of calmness and comfort
at the deepest level.
And you may notice that
your confidence and calmness
develops in many
areas of your life.
You can relax much more quickly,
enjoying life and feeling
stronger mind and
body and emotion.
You're now on a journey
of gentle positive change,
and you know deep down
at a deepest level
that each and every
time you listen
to this audio you can continue
this gentle process further,
allowing your
internal energy to be
placed into positive solutions
and positive thinking patterns.
And as you relax
in this way, you
bring calm and
control to your mind,
much more positivity, allowing
greater well-being in your mind
and body, greater self-control,
greater confidence,
and increased self-esteem.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind,
and they'll become
more and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count up from 1 to 5
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
So coming back now,
1, 2, 3, 4, and 5,
eyes open when you're ready.